# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [2.0.0] - 20-09-2024

### Added

The following resources have been added:

Retrieve and create _academy-teams_:
- `resources\teams\create\resources.ps1`
- `resources\teams\retrieve\resources.ps1`

Retrieve users:
- `resources\users\resources.ps1`

- ISO-8859-1 encoding has been added to handle character encoding issues.
- Pagination has been added to both the teams and users resource scripts.
- The _configuration_ is extended with the following parameters:
  - `ResourcePageSize`
  - `UsersCsvExportFileAndPath`
  - `TeamsCsvExportFileAndPath`

### Changed

- Due to the connector making too many API requests, the `HTTP.GET` API call to `_\users` has been removed from both the _create_ and _delete_ lifecycle actions.
- The _create_ lifecycle action now uses the CSV file (generated by the `users\resources` script) to validate whether a user account already exists.
- The _subPermissions_ lifecycle action now uses the CSV file (generated by the `teams\retrieve\resources` script) to look up a team and its corresponding name.

## [1.0.0] - 11-04-2024

This is the first official release of _HelloID-Conn-Prov-Target-StudyTube_. This release is based on template version _1.2.0_.

### Added

The following lifecycle actions have been added:

- create
- delete
- update
- grantPermissions
- revokePermission
- permissions

### Changed

### Deprecated

### Removed
